Trust and Compliance: Fiscal provisions (#105)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/trust/fiscal/united-states.md

# United States

{% include "warning-tax-law.md" %}

## Sales Tax

> In the US, sales tax regulation differs by state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the US, sales tax regulation differs from state to state.
```

> You can configure pretix to charge different sales tax rates depending for every event (depending on the state the event is in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure pretix to charge different sales tax rates for every event (depending on the state in which the event is held). 
```
